okay well this is after the faux
finishing is done on the countertop it
went from the white to this granite the
Bay a Gallo granite limitation remember
this is faux finishing this is just
before we're going to apply the clear
coat again it's the UV coating system
that we're going to be doing in the
kitchen counters having your kitchen
counters right back and use the same day
right after we're done out of the
projects same day use by folks you just
saw me jump on that countertop and jump
off what I didn't do is jump off to show
you that it was clear we're gonna go
ahead and apply one more clear coat to
make it silky silky smooth and then
we're gonna do the same process I'm
gonna jump on the counter jump off and
show you that it is 100% pure
hi folks we just hit this was the last
UV coating so now we're going to go take
the UV light and we're going to dry
let's take seconds this takes a nice
quick path
that's pretty much it folks
just to show you how fast this dries
nothing on my hand
absolutely 100% Terra
nothing on my pants one hundred percent
tariff folks this is dunk over finished
pros with a new UV coating system
eco-friendly 100% cured 100% and seconds